[Text Analytics] Add samples for manual polling (#17444)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-net: sdk/textanalytics/Azure.AI.TextAnalytics/samples/Sample_LROPolling.md

> # Polling the Long Running Operations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Polling Long Running Operations
```

> # Polling the Long Running Operations

Reviewer: Hmmm this looks like it should belong in the .NET repo itself so multiple libraries can consume it and not just in TA.
Could you file an issue in the repo mentioning this?
When it gets done, you could point to that instead of this :) but while that happens, thanks for writing this

Author: https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/issues/17475

> This sample demonstrates how to use polling for the Long Running Operations using the Text Analytics client.

Reviewer: consider mentioning in the introduction the different ways to poll a LRO... something like
```suggestion
This sample demonstrates the different ways to consume or poll the status of a Text Analytics client Long Running Operation.  It uses the (Analyze Operation)[https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/tree/master/sdk/textanalytics/Azure.AI.TextAnalytics#run-analyze-operation-asynchronously] as an example
```

## Creating a `TextAnalyticsClient`

To create a new `TextAnalyticsClient` to run analyze operation for a document, you need a Text Analytics endpoint and credentials.  You can use the [DefaultAzureCredential][DefaultAzureCredential] to try a number of common authentication methods optimized for both running as a service and development.  In the sample below, however, you'll use a Text Analytics API key credential by creating an `AzureKeyCredential` object, that if needed, will allow you to update the API key without creating a new client.

You can set `endpoint` and `apiKey` based on an environment variable, a configuration setting, or any way that works for your application.

```C# Snippet:TextAnalyticsSample4CreateClient
var client = new TextAnalyticsClient(new Uri(endpoint), new AzureKeyCredential(apiKey));
```

## Polling using `WaitForCompletionAsync()`

> To run analyze operation in multiple documents, call `StartAnalyzeOperationBatchAsync` on an `IEnumerable` of strings.  The result is a Long Running operation of type `AnalyzeOperation` which polls for the results from the API.

Reviewer: I don't think this is needed. Maybe emphasize again that Analyze is used as an example

    var batchDocuments = new List<string> { document };

    AnalyzeOperationOptions operationOptions = new AnalyzeOperationOptions()
    {
        KeyPhrasesTaskParameters = new KeyPhrasesTaskParameters(),
        EntitiesTaskParameters = new EntitiesTaskParameters(),
        PiiTaskParameters = new PiiTaskParameters(),
        DisplayName = "AnalyzeOperationSample"
    };

    AnalyzeOperation operation = client.StartAnalyzeOperationBatch(batchDocuments, operationOptions);

    await operation.WaitForCompletionAsync();

    AnalyzeOperationResult resultCollection = operation.Value;

    RecognizeEntitiesResultCollection entitiesResult = resultCollection.Tasks.EntityRecognitionTasks[0].Results;

    ExtractKeyPhrasesResultCollection keyPhrasesResult = resultCollection.Tasks.KeyPhraseExtractionTasks[0].Results;

    RecognizePiiEntitiesResultCollection piiResult = resultCollection.Tasks.EntityRecognitionPiiTasks[0].Results;
```

By default the polling happens every 1 second when there is no `pollingInterval` sent.

## Polling using `WaitForCompletionAsync(TimeSpan pollingInterval)`

> 

Reviewer: consider adding an introduction of what this section shows

                        chief cook happens to be the owner (I think his name is John Doe) and he is super 
                        nice, coming out of the kitchen and greeted us all. We enjoyed very much dining in 
                        the place! The Sirloin steak I ordered was tender and juicy, and the place was impeccably
                        clean. You can even pre-order from their online menu at www.contososteakhouse.com, 
                        call 312-555-0176 or send email to order@contososteakhouse.com! The only complaint 
                        I have is the food didn't come fast enough. Overall I highly recommend it!";

    var batchDocuments = new List<string> { document };

    AnalyzeOperationOptions operationOptions = new AnalyzeOperationOptions()
    {
        KeyPhrasesTaskParameters = new KeyPhrasesTaskParameters(),
        EntitiesTaskParameters = new EntitiesTaskParameters(),
        PiiTaskParameters = new PiiTaskParameters(),
        DisplayName = "AnalyzeOperationSample"
    };

    AnalyzeOperation operation = client.StartAnalyzeOperationBatch(batchDocuments, operationOptions);

> 		TimeSpan pollingInterval = new TimeSpan(1000);

Reviewer: nit: format

                        the place! The Sirloin steak I ordered was tender and juicy, and the place was impeccably
                        clean. You can even pre-order from their online menu at www.contososteakhouse.com, 
                        call 312-555-0176 or send email to order@contososteakhouse.com! The only complaint 
                        I have is the food didn't come fast enough. Overall I highly recommend it!";

    var batchDocuments = new List<string> { document };

    AnalyzeOperationOptions operationOptions = new AnalyzeOperationOptions()
    {
        KeyPhrasesTaskParameters = new KeyPhrasesTaskParameters(),
        EntitiesTaskParameters = new EntitiesTaskParameters(),
        PiiTaskParameters = new PiiTaskParameters(),
        DisplayName = "AnalyzeOperationSample"
    };

    AnalyzeOperation operation = client.StartAnalyzeOperationBatch(batchDocuments, operationOptions);

		TimeSpan pollingInterval = new TimeSpan(1000);

		while (true)
		{
				await healthOperation.UpdateStatusAsync();
				if (healthOperation.HasCompleted)
				{
						break;
				}

				await Task.Delay(pollingInterval).ConfigureAwait(false);
		}

> 

Reviewer: format

Reviewer: could you also add tips in case someone wants to use this code? i.e. consider having a max wait time, and add logging, etc?
